Address all reviewers comments (#31)
11michalis11/ED-EMS-game-paper: sections/conclusion/main.tex

This paper shows how this can negatively impact the pathway of both the
ambulance patients and the ambulance service itself.
Due to some managerial decision making that takes place at the ED, ambulances
stay blocked outside of the ED at the hospital's parking zone in an attempt
to satisfy these regulations.
The main contributions of this paper are:
\begin{itemize}
    \item A queueing model with 2 consecutive waiting spaces where one would
    serve as a parking space for the ambulances;
    \item Analytic performance measure formulas for the queueing model;
    \item A 3-player game theoretic model between the EMS and two EDs;
    \item Numerical experiments showing emergent behaviour of gaming between
    EDs and the EMS.
\end{itemize}
Although our research is motivated by the particular EMS-ED example, our 
developed modelling framework and behavioural insights has application to 
similar systems across a range of sectors and settings.
The queueing model can be applied to any setting where individuals may be
blocked on a separate queue.
An example of such setting can be any type of delivery service where customers
can purchase goods either online or walk in the store.

> More specifically consider a food delivery service where customers can order
> food online or walk in the store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

(repetition)

This applied game theoretic model is the second main contribution of this paper.

The model presented here assumes the presence of only two players that can
receive individuals.
However, in a realistic healthcare scenario an ambulance may have to decide
among multiple EDs.
An immediate extension of this work would be to consider a multiplayer system
that could represent a group of hospitals in a concentrated area.
Additionally, the game theoretic model that was created uses a discrete
strategy space for the EDs (something that is also present in various related
literature~\cite{deo2011centralized, knight2017measuring}).
The single threshold parameter that is used for the ED's decision may not be
the best way to describe the model.
In reality ED managers could have far more complex parameters for their
decision making process.
Moreover this work assumes that the EMS and EDs act in a selfish and rational
way by only aiming to satisfy their own objectives.
In fact, modelling behaviour in a healthcare setting is a much more complex
task where some cooperation may often be observed.
Another extension would be to explore the behaviour of the ED staff via an
agent-based model.

> This in turn can be used to model ED staff as agents each with their own
> behavioural traits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This in turn can be used to model emergent behaviour based on
assumptions of individual behavioural traits of ED staff.
```
